add a "Community Scripts" section (#7358)
huggingface/diffusers: examples/community/README_community_scripts.md

# Community Scripts

> **Community scripts** consist inference examples using diffusers pipelines that have been added by the community. 
> Please have a look at the following tables to get an overview of all community examples. Click on the **Code Example** to get a copy-and-paste ready code example that you can try out.
> If a community script doesn't work as expected, please open an issue and ping the author on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Community scripts** consist of inference examples using Diffusers pipelines that have been added by the community. 
Please have a look at the following table to get an overview of all community examples. Click on the **Code Example** to get a copy-and-paste code example that you can try out.
If a community script doesn't work as expected, please open an issue and ping the author on it.
```

| asymmetric tiling                                                                                                  |configure seamless image tiling independently for the X and Y axes                                                                                                                                                                                                      | [Asymmetric Tiling](#asymmetric-tiling )                                   | | [alexisrolland](https://github.com/alexisrolland)|

## Example usages

### IP Adapter Negative Noise

> Diffusers pipelines are fully integrated with IP-Adapter, which allows you to prompt the diffusion model with an image. However, it does not support negative image prompts the same way it supports negative text prompts: it does not accept a `negative_ip_adapter_adapter` argument; when you pass an `ip_adapter_image,` it will create a zero-filled tensor as a negative image. This script shows you how to create a negative noise from `ip_adapter_image` and use it to significantly improve the generation quality while preserving the composition of images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Diffusers pipelines are fully integrated with IP-Adapter, which allows you to prompt the diffusion model with an image. However, it does not support negative image prompts (there is no `negative_ip_adapter_image` argument) the same way it supports negative text prompts. When you pass an `ip_adapter_image,` it will create a zero-filled tensor as a negative image. This script shows you how to create a negative noise from `ip_adapter_image` and use it to significantly improve the generation quality while preserving the composition of images.
```

pipeline.scheduler.config.use_karras_sigmas = True

pipeline.load_ip_adapter(
    "h94/IP-Adapter",
    subfolder="sdxl_models",
    weight_name="ip-adapter-plus_sdxl_vit-h.safetensors",
    image_encoder_folder="models/image_encoder",
)
pipeline.set_ip_adapter_scale(0.7)

ip_image = load_image("source.png")
negative_ip_image = load_image("noise.png")

image_embeds = prepare_ip_adapter_image_embeds(
    unet=pipeline.unet,
    image_encoder=pipeline.image_encoder,
    feature_extractor=pipeline.feature_extractor,
    ip_adapter_image=[[ip_image]],
    do_classifier_free_guidance=True,
    device="cuda",
    num_images_per_prompt=1,
    ip_adapter_negative_image=negative_ip_image,
)

prompt = "cinematic photo of a cyborg in the city, 4k, high quality, intricate, highly detailed"
negative_prompt = "blurry, smooth, plastic"

image = pipeline(
    prompt=prompt,
    negative_prompt=negative_prompt,
    ip_adapter_image_embeds=image_embeds,
    guidance_scale=6.0,
    num_inference_steps=25,
    generator=torch.Generator(device="cpu").manual_seed(1556265306),
).images[0]

image.save("result.png")
```

### Asymmetric Tiling

> Stable Diffusion is not trained to generate seamless textures, However, you can a simple script to make your generation tile-abe. This script is contributed by [alexisrolland](https://github.com/alexisrolland). See more details in the [this issue](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/issues/556)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable Diffusion is not trained to generate seamless textures. However, you can use this simple script to add tiling to your generation. This script is contributed by [alexisrolland](https://github.com/alexisrolland). See more details in the [this issue](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/issues/556)
```

|Generated|Tiled|
|---|---|
|![20240313003235_573631814](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/assets/5442875/eca174fb-06a4-464e-a3a7-00dbb024543e)|![wall](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/assets/5442875/b4aa774b-2a6a-4316-a8eb-8f30b5f4d024)|

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```py
```
